 Being sick is the pits. I should know because I'm sick right now. You can probably hear it in my disgusting nasally voice And I probably shouldn't be recording a YouTube video right now But you know what life stops for no one and I'm not gonna get left behind But for real I was like I need to get started on the next video, but my voice sounds like I drowned in cheese graters Whatever let's talk about being sick. It's relevant enough. I'm fortunate to have a really good immune system I never get sick Believe it or not from elementary school through high school guess how many days I've missed from being sick don't guess I'm gonna tell you anyway It's two and they were back to back. So I was just really dying that one time I mean sure I've gotten sick here and there and my mom was just like oh you're fine pack your bag You're going to school missing arm if the lizards can regrow their limbs So can you so that number doesn't tell everything, but I think two is a pretty good score to have over 12 years I'm not like a crazy germaphobe though I don't go out of my way to avoid being exposed to sickness or actively try to kill any bacteria that may give me some sniffles Sometimes I forget to wash my hands I heard that kids who are more exposed to germs and stuff when they were young were able to more efficiently build immunities to them So maybe as a kid I just ate a lot of dirt but even though being sick makes you want to just give up on everything because your eyes are red and your head hurts and you're tired all the time But you can't sleep because your nose is plugged and you can't breathe and everything is agony and life is pain and nothing is worth it in the end There's some pros that can come from it like you don't have to share anything Because no one wants to share anything with your disgusting diseased self. Do you have a pencil I can borrow? I've got a cold nevermind. Can I have some of your food? I have the flu keep it you want to hang out? I'm sick. Oh, no, it's okay. We can just take your bullcrap Being sick is the best excuse to be a bad member of society and get sympathy for it Any other time if you were to sleep in till 12 and then stay in bed all day on the computer People would just think you're really lazy and have no motivation But if you just say oh, I was sick all of a sudden. Oh you poor thing get better soon. Can I get you anything? Oh, you're such a trooper. It's great. Also, you have the power to claim anything you touch To each their own but I also use being sick as an excuse to not talk to anyone because I'm a pathetic shy blob Good job immune system You have failed me once as a kid my brother got pink eye and my family pretty much Barricaded him in his room and didn't let him touch anything It's funny how as soon as someone gets sick everyone is empathetic towards them But also kind of treats them like an unpredictable rabbit animal. All right, you just stay right there. Don't go anywhere I got you some soup. Ah stay over there. I'll push the ball to you with this stick Feel better soon I think the worst thing I had growing up was a few migraines here and there the first time I had a migraine was in sixth grade I was sitting in class and all of a sudden my eyes started not working like I would look in one direction And I couldn't see anything in my peripheral vision. It was all gray and foggy and at first I was like whoa This is weird So this is what blind people see and I was kind of fascinated by it Then all of a sudden it felt like my brain exploded I got to go home early But I don't count that as a sick day because I was at school for the majority of it If you've never had a migraine take a moment to just Appreciate that because they're one of the worst things ever. I mean there's worse But they were up there. I haven't even had any really bad injuries either the only serious injury I've had was when I was nine I'm saying serious because I had to go to the ER But it's really not that bad for my birthday one year my parents got me Heelys Do you remember those the shoes with the wheel in them? I didn't specifically ask for them, but after a few months I decided to start trying them out I'd roll around in the house up and down the halls and it was pretty fun Then one time I decided to take them out on the streets our neighborhood was on a slant So there was a bit of a steep angle to the cul-de-sac and I was like this is a good idea Foreshadowing it very wasn't I started going down the road and picking up speed and like two-thirds of the way down the tiniest little pebble was like Hey there friend and clogged the wheel and threw me forward I hit my head on the road and opened a huge gash in my chin my mom was outside talking to our neighbor So she saw the whole thing and was like Okay, well, I'll talk to you later Wendy We're gonna waltz on over to the hospital now My adrenaline was still pumping super hard so I didn't feel a thing and I was like no mom I'm fine It's not that bad. I'm okay, but she was like no we're going to the hospital I had to hold the towel over my chin to keep from bleeding all over the car She didn't let me see the damage at the time But I asked her about it a bit ago and she said she didn't want me to see the cut because even she was freaked out about it This description isn't for the squeamish, but she described it as like another mouth. I gashed out of my head Hey, Finn. Sorry about all this Okay, yeah, it's probably for the best you didn't let me see that So I went to the hospital and ended up getting three stitches in my chin when I was waiting for the doctor a doctor from another room Walked in to get some water and was like what are you in for she hit her chin on the road. Oh Oh Yeah, I've been there before and he showed us a scar on his chin and then another doctor overheard from the other room and was like Yep, same story and he had a scar on his chin. So that was a nice human bonding experience I didn't know so many doctors had Healy's when I went to school the next day I had a bandage on my stitches and all of my two friends were like whoa what happened I Hit my chin on the road Whoa, and I felt really cool, and it made me want to like break my arm or something to be even cooler So this video took a lot longer to get done because I've been super busy and time is flying by and now it's pretty much Christmas I'm not sick anymore But I am whispering because it's 5 45 a.m. And I don't want to wake up anyone else in the house It's weird how it takes being sick to forget how nice it feels to just be normal take a big breath through your nose right now Doesn't that feel nice unless you're sick right now then do it later when you're not all gross But if you can breathe then enjoy it right now because one day you'll get sick again and wish you could do that So it's been a while the septile doll got to the contest winner all safe and sound you can see who won on my Twitter Um, there's probably something else I need to quickly say, but I can't think of anything right now Why does time go by so quickly? I feel like not a lot of people stay for these end cards So I'm just gonna start rambling back when I was in school It felt like every week dragged along and now it feels like I have no time to do anything Probably because school is boring and making YouTube videos isn't and I've got so much to do all the time Well, either way I hope you have a Merry Christmas or a Happy Hanukkah or whichever holiday you celebrate Ari says hi Also one of my friends showed me this cool thing he found on reddit about how to unclog your nose when you're sick and congested I'll put a link in the description if you're interested I tried it when I was sick and it actually worked for a bit pretty cool stuff Anyway, talk to you in 2018. You're never gonna hear from 2017 Jayden ever again. Bye. See ya